bash/README.md, before:

# Reinforcement Learning

## Requirements

* Ensure that the engine has been built and is located in the build directory. It is recommended to use the -DUSE_ZLIB=1 option during compilation to reduce disk space usage.
* PyTorch 1.x or PyTorch 2.x (Python)
* NumPy (Python)

## Performance

With the default settings in the ```bash``` directory, the network can generally reach at least strong amateur level on 19×19 boards within 1 to 2 weeks when training on a single RTX 2070 Super GPU.

## Simple Usage

There are two main bash scripts available. The ```setup.sh``` script copies the engine and training scripts into the current directory. Afterwards, you can run simple.sh to start a basic synchronized training loop, which by default utilizes all available GPUs.

    $ cp -r bash selfplay-course
    $ cd selfplay-course
    $ bash setup.sh -s ..
    $ bash simple.sh

The ```simple.sh``` script will run in an infinite loop. To safely stop the loop, create a ```kill.txt``` file and the process will terminate after completing the current round.

    $ touch kill.txt

If you have a multi-GPU system and wish to limit the GPUs used, you can specify which GPUs to use with the -g option:

    $ bash simple.sh -g 1    # run it on the 2nd GPU

To use multiple specific GPUs:

    $ bash simple.sh -g 1 -g 2    # run it on the 2nd and 3rd GPU

## Notes on Policy Surprise Weighting

The value of ```PolicySurpriseFactor``` in the ```configs/selfplay-setting.json``` file may need to be adjusted depending on your training scenario. When training board sizes ranging from 7x7 to 19x19 simultaneously, a value of ```0.5``` is generally a good choice. However, if you are only training on 9x9 boards, setting PolicySurpriseFactor to ```0``` yields better results.

The specific reason for this behavior is currently unknown. For more technical documentation on this method, please refer to the official [Policy Surprise Weighting page](https://github.com/lightvector/KataGo/blob/master/docs/KataGoMethods.md#policy-surprise-weighting).

## Sample Configuration File

The sample directory includes several example self-play engine configuration files:

* ```sample/full-gumbel-p16.txt``` runs full Gumbel training with 16 playouts.
* ```sample/full-alphazero-p400.txt``` runs full AlphaZero-style training with 400 playouts.

These sample files can be reused and modified for customized training setups. For a detailed explanation of all configuration and training parameters, please refer to the [CONFIG.md](./CONFIG.md) section.

Commit message:

Update configure file and documents.

bash/README.md, after:

# Reinforcement Learning

## Requirements

* Ensure that the engine has been built and is located in the build directory. It is recommended to use the -DUSE_ZLIB=1 option during compilation to reduce disk space usage.
* PyTorch 1.x or PyTorch 2.x (Python)
* NumPy (Python)

## Performance

With the default settings in the ```bash``` directory, the network can generally reach at least strong amateur level on 19×19 boards within 1 to 2 weeks when training on a single RTX 2070 Super GPU.

## Simple Usage

There are two main bash scripts available. The ```setup.sh``` script copies the engine and training scripts into the current directory. Afterwards, you can run simple.sh to start a basic synchronized training loop, which by default utilizes all available GPUs.

    $ cp -r bash selfplay-course
    $ cd selfplay-course
    $ bash setup.sh -s ..
    $ bash simple.sh

The ```simple.sh``` script will run in an infinite loop. To safely stop the loop, create a ```kill.txt``` file and the process will terminate after completing the current round.

    $ touch kill.txt

If you have a multi-GPU system and wish to limit the GPUs used, you can specify which GPUs to use with the -g option:

    $ bash simple.sh -g 1    # run it on the 2nd GPU

To use multiple specific GPUs:

    $ bash simple.sh -g 1 -g 2    # run it on the 2nd and 3rd GPU

## Update Wegihts

This document explains how to update training weights when switching to a larger neural network.

First, create a new setting.json file. Its format is similar to configs/selfplay-setting.json. The following parameters need to be adjusted:

* ```NeuralNetwork```: Define the neural network architecture
* ```StepsPerEpoch```: Number of training steps per checkpoint/weight save
* ```MaxStepsPerRunning```: Total number of training steps
* ```NumberChunks```: Number of training game records (chunks)
* ```ChunksIncreasingC```: Set to null
* ```LearningRateSchedule```: Learning rate schedule

For detailed parameter descriptions, see [CONFIG.md](./CONFIG.md).

After preparing ```setting.json```, start training with the following command. Training results will be stored in the ```temp``` directory:

    $ training-worker.sh --no-loop --setting setting.json --workspace temp

Once training is finished, copy the last weights into the ```weights``` directory:

    $ gate-worker.sh --no-loop --workspace temp

Please wait until the process is complete. Finally, complete the update by:

1. Replacing the original ```workspace``` with the ```temp``` directory
2. Updating the ```NeuralNetwork``` settings in ```configs/selfplay-setting.json```

After these steps, you can continue self-play with the new network.

## Notes on Policy Surprise Weighting

The value of ```PolicySurpriseFactor``` in the ```configs/selfplay-setting.json``` file may need to be adjusted depending on your training scenario. When training board sizes ranging from 7x7 to 19x19 simultaneously, a value of ```0.5``` is generally a good choice. However, if you are only training on 9x9 boards, setting PolicySurpriseFactor to ```0``` yields better results.

The specific reason for this behavior is currently unknown. For more technical documentation on this method, please refer to the official [Policy Surprise Weighting page](https://github.com/lightvector/KataGo/blob/master/docs/KataGoMethods.md#policy-surprise-weighting).

## Sample Configuration File

The sample directory includes several example self-play engine configuration files:

* ```sample/full-gumbel-p16.txt``` runs full Gumbel training with 16 playouts.
* ```sample/full-alphazero-p400.txt``` runs full AlphaZero-style training with 400 playouts.

These sample files can be reused and modified for customized training setups. For a detailed explanation of all configuration and training parameters, please refer to the [CONFIG.md](./CONFIG.md) section.
